<html>
<head>
<style>
body {
  background-color: DimGrey;
}
h1 {
  color: white;
  text-align: center;
}
h2 {
  color: Gainsboro;
}

h3 {
  color: Silver;
}
h4 {
  color: Silver;
}
p, ul, li {
  font-family: palatino, candara, arial, verdana;
}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Aims</h1>
<p>First of all, if you want to complete a complete design, there are still many problems with high-quality immersive VR games. Solving these problems is our main purpose.
VR game picture quality, motion control experience
In VR games, VR technology is a very important part. The immersive experience of VR games relies on the advancement of technology. At present, many VR games have certain technical problems. In addition to well-known problems such as vertigo and delay, the system also includes coarse images. The picture freezes, bugs or the picture delays constantly. Motion control is also an important part of VR games. Good motion control can make players more comfortable and easily control the game, and the adverse effects of the game on the body, such as reducing dizziness.
 
Conception and design of VR games
Technology is undoubtedly the key factor for the success of VR games, but compared to VR technology, the game's reasonable conception and design are the core and essence of the game, and the fun of players. Imagine that those stories are creepy, boring and poorly designed games can easily be boring. Therefore, good game conception and design are very important.
 
Cooperation between the operation of VR games and VR hardware
Some game operations are not coordinated with the configuration of VR hardware devices, resulting in unsatisfactory player operations and inability to meet player needs. The VR game operation is not coordinated with the device, which reduces the game experience. Can't really let players experience immersive somatosensory and lose the original intention of VR games.
</p>

<HR style="border:3 dotted #ff0033" width= "100%" SIZE=3>
<h1>Plans and progress</h1>
<p>Plans</p>
<p>
As the project idea previously revealed. We were planned to create a VR game called ‘The End’. This game has a similar theme to ‘Red Dead Redemption’ which is an open world action adventure VR type game. It is a game for the player enters the adventure story of the western wilderness. The player does not need to use the mouse and keyboard to operate the game. Instead, they use virtual reality technology to bring players into this virtual world. The game will bring real vision and hearing to players. Such as riding a horse, gliding wings, and being able to interact freely with things in space. Here, players around the world will be on the same server. To achieve this, there are many steps that is required.
The first step is to learn about the foundation of building a game, we need to have some skills in graphic design software such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator and CorelDRAW. Also, Pixel art such as 3dxmax, Pixlr and GrafX2 used to make character models and architectural images that focus on game programming foundation and game production principles. (https://kaoshi.china.com/vr_px_31740-1.htm) Because it is necessary to understand the principles of game design, as well as software foundation and rendering. To achieve this step, the action we will be taking is to begin to take basic public lesson, this includes learning it from various websites such as Youtube, Bilibili about the functions the graphic design software has and game planning, production, testing and operation practices, as well as game industry planning and professional quality. Also, participating in online classes or reading articles are great choices as well. These steps of the plan can lay the foundation for future VR game design.
The next step is to get familiar with VR language development which is the language of the 3D programming engine. VR cannot be developed without 3D engine support. Therefore, plans of learning Unity/ 3Dx Max modelling is a must. How do we plan to learn it? The first step is to first understand the menu and view interface of unity3d. These are the most basic foundations and can be operated like a word. The second step is to understand the coordinate system, input system, and simple vector concepts in the scene. The third step is to learn some basic concepts of creating basic scenes: game objects, components, and scripts. The fourth step is to learn some basic elements of resource import: mesh, material, texture, animation, etc. The sixth step is to further study the camera, lighting, terrain, rendering, particle system, physics system, etc. (https://baike.baidu.com/item/Unity3D/3064002?fr=aladdin) Unity3D is a multi-platform comprehensive game development tool developed by Unity Technologies that allows players to easily create interactive content such as 3D video games, architectural visualizations, real-time 3D animations, etc. It is a fully integrated professional game engine. (http://www.eepw.com.cn/article/201608/295413.htm) By learning the basics of Unity3D program development, we can be skilled in 3D game development technology combat, game engine modification and use of network communication, database and game server. (https://wenku.baidu.com/view/546234e4f4335a8102d276a20029bd64783e629e.html) We will also be using Unreal engine, which is a game engine developed by Epic Games because it is easier for us as the entry barrier will be lower. To achieve this step, the action we will be taking is to take lessons online or participate in practical training from schools. Therefore,  another major plan for us is to use the correct game engine for this virtual reality game as choosing the right game engine can better handle the communication between the player and the computer, and handle signals from other controllers. 
As we planned to use Unity/ 3Dmax engine for our VR game called ‘The End’. We will be proficient in various programming languages. Game program development mainly includes general C++, C# skills. But for this one, we need to know some C# programming language It is because Unity requires a certain programming foundation to use. C# programming language is a safe, stable, simple, and elegant object-oriented programming language derived from C and C++. (https://baike.baidu.com/item/c%23/195147?fr=aladdin) Therefore, it is necessary to learn. But we are not learning from scratch, because there is a little Java language foundation, I believe we will learn faster. Learning C# is like how we are currently learning Java. We can get resources from online. Knowing codes by reading C# language programming books. Also, watching video tutorials online is an option as well.
For creating the scene and how the virtual world react to the players in the game ‘The End’. In more detail, the scene will be made up by simple solids piled up like Lego to form a striking scene. The virtual world is made up of thousands of individual objects, which are then moved to Autodesk’s 3ds Max to process the calculate how they will be lit so that they can pop up when added to the completed project. Also, for our game, we will bring all the components built in the block into Epic Games' Unreal Engine, using blueprints to add logic and interaction so that this virtual world can react to players behaviour. For non-professional producers, the blueprint allows them to skip the difficult process of learning programming languages to encode and directly edit the logic and interactivity of the virtual world response through simple and convenient methods. Thanks to the use of the game engine, without the help of these two engines in some steps, it will take longer to complete ‘The End’ (https://baijiahao.baidu.com/s?id=1584742024630913326&wfr=spider&for=pc) 
The final step will be the use of the Peripherals and the controllers, which is the preparation of Cooperation between the operation of VR games and VR hardware. Having VR hardware is very important because it increases the user experience by giving them more immersion and interaction. VR glasses are the most basic peripherals. The VR handle is also necessary, it can be used to control the movement of characters and make actions. The integrated head-mounted display device has an independent processor and has its own independent computing power. It is more convenient to use. There is no need to prepare additional equipment, the degree of freedom is relatively high, and the price Also cantered, generally around 600-1000 dollars. External head-mounted display device This is the most technical product in the VR industry. The product is more complex and requires a computer to be connected via a data cable. The price is relatively high, basically around 2000 dollars (https://www.zhihu.com/question/35942279). Therefore this one is not considered. Now, many VR games (including ‘The End’) all support the room tracking mode, players can move freely within a certain range, but there are also many players who are in a small space, it is difficult to obtain a better game experience, (https://www.huahuo.com/vr/201910/36436.html) therefore, it is needed for our VR game. Here comes the problem, these peripherals are not cheap. For this project, we will probably rent them because this is the most cost-effective way.
</p>
<p>Progress</p>
<p>
After all the plans are confirmed. It's time to take action. For our team, we all entered RMIT as freshmen in computer science / information technology or computer research.
First of all, we already have a certain knowledge of programming languages. Since Unity is a mobile platform application development supporting java, C / C ++ languages, and java, C / C ++ are very good programming languages. They can develop games for any given system. Of the few game programming languages, VR's requirements for software development are in-depth, so mastering programming languages is very basic. We are also learning more about programming languages to help us complete the "end" of VR games.
(https://games.qq.com/a/20170323/023686.htm?qqcom_pgv_from=aio)
Second, of course, consider lighting and rendering the scene. Due to the special nature of VR game production, we need a total of two fisheye lenses to complete the recording and collection. This requires two rendering processes. In this process, you need to pay attention to the ambient light. The problem is that the light of most programs is unreal and is very different from the natural environment. Ambient light is widely distributed and can enter the scene by reflecting and refracting objects; ambient light can also illuminate areas that cannot be illuminated by other light sources. The intensity of the ambient light in different areas is also different, and the coloring angle is also different.
At present, we have begun to make models of certain characters and environments in the game. The production of game characters will enrich the details of the model through color maps, highlight maps, normal maps, self-illumination maps and other texture types, distinguish the textures of different objects and finally use the engine.
We sketched the world view of the game. In the game, almost every element is part of the world view. For example, the time, weather, and season set by the game. Using realistic and modern western style, the background data set in the game including economy, culture, religion, game world and character shape design, and game music, etc. all constitute elements of the game world. Establishing this rule is not easy. There are many places to discuss. The complex worldview structure has been changed over and over again to satisfy the players ’interests. Some values depend on common sense to reach the real rules, and we really did not do it at this point. Well, we tend to ignore some habitual rules, so we decided to construct a fixed world background template and build natural and human settings. For example, the existence of natural materials and humanities

(http://www.woocg.com/group/6/thread/3)
We use different methods to complete special effects. Create special effects with 2D maps that are relatively primitive, technically mature, and take up less internal resources. Create one or more black and white effects in Photoshop to form a black and white sequence image. The black and white sequence image is the channel information of the special effect, and then the program assigns the corresponding color to the special effect channel and controls the rotation, scaling, and reduction. This can make the picture have a variety of color appearance, thereby saving resources and changing effects. In 3D games, it is easier to create special effects in this way than in 2D games. Because all you need to do now is a photo, and the rest of the rotation and zoom can be achieved by the program. This method greatly saves art time and has a better effect. The simple game effect image created in Photoshop is black and white, the white part is the part that generates glow, the gray part is translucent, and the black part is completely transparent and does not generate glow. In the game, through the program to adjust the color of the picture, control the size or rotation of special effects, as long as you change the basic attributes, you can get a lot of beautiful effects. At the same time, the special effects of the 3D game cannot be completely represented by 2D pictures. The effects observed in every angle in the game scene are actually 3d special effects. It is not difficult to make such special effects. The first step is to create a basic using 3dsmax and other 3d software under very detailed conditions. The face model, then progressively provide the glow map to the extended model, and use 3dsmax to rotate, fill, expand and contract the model. In this way, a special 3d effect can be achieved. At the same time, almost all 3D games will use an excellent particle system, of which the more powerful system is Maya. 3dsmax started in 6.0 and added a new "particle flow" tool, which qualitatively improved the function of the Max particle system. It has different functions in the process of creating particle animations through Particle Flow. In order to make 3dsmax particle animation more and more powerful, for game production, due to the limitations of computer hardware, complex particle system is not the first choice, the basic particle system is completely enough. The particle system is written by the game engine, and the parameters of the entire system do not change much. If you use the particle system, two-dimensional pictures and three-dimensional modelling, they can complete special effects such as snow, waterfalls, and flames.

The final game test is very important. When there is a problem with the game screen, we should first check whether it is an external cause such as bad network, bad hardware, system problems, etc. At the same time, the Unity debugger can detect the code at runtime. Unity uses MonoDevelop IDE to debug scripts in the game. It can debug all languages supported by the engine (JavaScript, C / C ++, etc.). The sound test is also important. The sound in VR moves with the angle of view, and the accuracy of sound positioning is very high. The importance of sound is no less than the picture. The high-performance sound card can parse the audio very well, which is convenient for sound judgment and positioning.

</p>
<p>Tools and Technologies</p>
<p>
In order to realize the development of VR games, C ++, C # and JS are necessary software for programming. UE4 is suitable for scene construction, Substance Painter is suitable for textures, Maya and 3D Max are very good modeling software. During the entire VR game production process, Substance Painter, Maya, 3D Max, UE 4, and other professional software used by the development team are very hardware intensive. In order to ensure quality and efficiency, and to solve the unique difficulties of VR game development, the development of "End" is also Requires a computer with powerful overall performance. Especially in the processing of specific links such as textures, models, and light rendering, there are also editing levels, browsing levels, and even some level effects, and the VR headset used for "End" hardware selection is HTC Vive, with a resolution of 2160x1200. Therefore, in terms of computer hardware, we selected the CPU to be I7-7700, 32GB graphics card, and dual-channel Titan Z to achieve a comfortable and smooth production and testing experience, and provide guarantee for the testing of VR hardware.
</P>



</body>
</html>

